# Maximum Total Importance of Roads
You are given an integer n denoting the number of cities in a country. The cities are numbered from 0 to n - 1.

You are also given a 2D integer array roads where roads[i] = [ai, bi] denotes that there exists a bidirectional road connecting cities ai and bi.

You need to assign each city with an integer value from 1 to n, where each value can only be used once. The importance of a road is then defined as the sum of the values of the two cities it connects.

Return the maximum total importance of all roads possible after assigning the values optimally.

 
Example 1:
Input: n = 5, roads = [[0,1],[1,2],[2,3],[0,2],[1,3],[2,4]]
Output: 43
Explanation: The figure above shows the country and the assigned values of [2,4,5,3,1].
- The road (0,1) has an importance of 2 + 4 = 6.
- The road (1,2) has an importance of 4 + 5 = 9.
- The road (2,3) has an importance of 5 + 3 = 8.
- The road (0,2) has an importance of 2 + 5 = 7.
- The road (1,3) has an importance of 4 + 3 = 7.
- The road (2,4) has an importance of 5 + 1 = 6.
The total importance of all roads is 6 + 9 + 8 + 7 + 7 + 6 = 43.
It can be shown that we cannot obtain a greater total importance than 43.

Example 2:
Input: n = 5, roads = [[0,3],[2,4],[1,3]]
Output: 20
Explanation: The figure above shows the country and the assigned values of [4,3,2,5,1].
- The road (0,3) has an importance of 4 + 5 = 9.
- The road (2,4) has an importance of 2 + 1 = 3.
- The road (1,3) has an importance of 3 + 5 = 8.
The total importance of all roads is 9 + 3 + 8 = 20.
It can be shown that we cannot obtain a greater total importance than 20.

### Solution
1. Initialize an array degree of size N to store the degree of each node. Initially, all values are 0.
2. Iterate over the list of edges roads and increment the degree for each of the nodes the road connects, i.e. edge[0] and edge[1].
3. Sort the array degree in the ascending order.
4. Initialize the variable value to 1, this will be the value we assign to the nodes.
5. Initialize the variable totalImportance to 0 to store the maximum importance of all edges.
6. Iterate over the array degree and keep adding the importance as node degree * assigned value to the variable totalImportance. Also, increment the value value to assign it to the next node.
7. Return totalImportance.
```python
from collections import defaultdict
class Solution:
    def maximumImportance(self, n: int, roads: List[List[int]]) -> int:
        nbrs = defaultdict(int)
        for a, b in roads:
            nbrs[a] += 1
            nbrs[b] += 1
        
        cities = sorted(list(range(n)), key=lambda c: nbrs[c])
        city_val = {city: i+1 for i, city in enumerate(cities)}

        res = 0
        for a, b in roads:
            res += city_val[a]+city_val[b]
        return res
```