# Car Fleet
There are n cars at given miles away from the starting mile 0, traveling to reach the mile target.

You are given two integer arrays position and speed, both of length n, where position[i] is the starting mile of the ith car and speed[i] is the speed of the ith car in miles per hour.

A car cannot pass another car, but it can catch up and then travel next to it at the speed of the slower car.

A car fleet is a car or cars driving next to each other. The speed of the car fleet is the minimum speed of any car in the fleet.

If a car catches up to a car fleet at the mile target, it will still be considered as part of the car fleet.

Return the number of car fleets that will arrive at the destination.

Example 1:

Input: target = 12, position = [10,8,0,5,3], speed = [2,4,1,1,3]

Output: 3

Explanation:

The cars starting at 10 (speed 2) and 8 (speed 4) become a fleet, meeting each other at 12. The fleet forms at target.
The car starting at 0 (speed 1) does not catch up to any other car, so it is a fleet by itself.
The cars starting at 5 (speed 1) and 3 (speed 3) become a fleet, meeting each other at 6. 

### Solution 
1. The position give is nearer to destination . eg: if pos = 8 it is just 4 unit away from destination ie 12. and time taken can be calculated by (float)(target - pos)/speed.
2. Whether 2 car will collide or not . It can be found by comparing a time taken by cars to reach a destination.
3. You should sort the cars on the basis of their position but NOTE: that you need both the speed and position to calculate the time taken by each car to reach destination.
4. Last thing which you will be needing is the stack so that you can compare the time taken by the cars and perform some operations based your requirement.

```python
class Solution:
    def carFleet(self, target: int, position: List[int], speed: List[int]) -> int:
        idx = list(range(len(position)))
        idx.sort(key=lambda u: position[u])

        timeStack = []
        for id in idx:
            timeStack.append((target - position[id])/speed[id])
        
        res = 1
        prev = timeStack.pop()
        while timeStack:
            cur = timeStack.pop()
            if cur > prev:
                prev = cur
                res += 1
        
        return res
```
or
```python
def carFleet(target: int, position: List[int], speed: List[int]) -> int:
    idx = sorted(range(len(position)), key=lambda i: position[i])
    ans = pre = 0
    for i in idx[::-1]:
        t = (target - position[i]) / speed[i]
        if t > pre:
            ans += 1
            pre = t
    return ans
```